DevTools Tips 09: Container queries (#3115)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/devtools-tips-container-queries/index.md

---
title: >
  DevTools Tips: Inspect CSS container queries
description: >
  Inspect and debug CSS container queries with DevTools.
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
date: 2022-06-30
authors:
  - sofiayem
hero: ''
alt: >
  DevTools Tips hero logo
tags:
  - css
  - devtools
  - devtools-tips
---

Container queries are the new CSS feature that web developers are excited about. It may trigger a tectonic shift in the design approach of website layouts, from device-based to device-agnostic.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% YouTube id='X4TYXlvbb2E' %}

```

---
title: >

>   DevTools Tips: Inspect CSS container queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DevTools Tips: How to inspect CSS container queries
```

description: >
  Inspect and debug CSS container queries with DevTools.
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
date: 2022-06-30
authors:
  - sofiayem

> hero: ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hero: 'image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/KZikB8f2QIbXzwy6G1uw.png'
```

> hero: 'image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/KZikB8f2QIbXzwy6G1uw.png'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hero: 'image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/7fid3Zx57cRSpIndGA2M.png'
```

alt: >
  DevTools Tips hero logo
tags:
  - css
  - devtools
  - devtools-tips
---

> Container queries are the new CSS feature that web developers are excited about. It may trigger a tectonic shift in the design approach of website layouts, from device-based to device-agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CSS container queries](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container) are the new CSS feature that web developers are excited about. It may trigger a tectonic shift in the design approach of website layouts, from page-based responsive design to container-based [responsive design](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container).
```

> [CSS container queries](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container) are the new CSS feature that web developers are excited about. It may trigger a tectonic shift in the design approach of website layouts, from page-based responsive design to container-based [responsive design](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[CSS container queries](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container) is the new CSS feature that web developers are excited about. It may trigger a revolution in web design—from page-based responsive design to container-based [responsive design](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container).
```

Reviewer 2: we had container queries "are", then "It" referring to CQs. It's really "The Container Queries specification" or "The container queries feature", so I think singular is likely correct (even though I also keep using plural as it looks more correct).

Reviewer 3: > ```suggestion
> [CSS container queries](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container) is the new CSS feature that web developers are excited about. It may trigger a revolution in web design—from page-based responsive design to container-based [responsive design](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container).
> ```

Reviewer 3: > ```suggestion
> [CSS container queries](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container) is the new CSS feature that web developers are excited about. It may trigger a revolution in web design—from page-based responsive design to container-based [responsive design](https://web.dev/new-responsive/#responsive-to-the-container).
> ```

{% YouTube id='X4TYXlvbb2E' %}

> Chrome DevTools is here to help you adopt new layout design patterns and stay on top of the latest trends. With the support of this CSS feature, you can now inspect and debug your container queries in DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Chrome DevTools](/docs/devtools) is here to help you adopt new layout design patterns and stay on top of the latest trends. With the support of this CSS feature, you can now inspect and debug your container queries in DevTools.
```

> 

Reviewer: Need a connecting sentence here

> [Chrome DevTools](/docs/devtools) is here to help you adopt new layout design patterns and stay on top of the latest trends. With the support of this CSS feature, you can now inspect and debug your container queries in DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Chrome DevTools](/docs/devtools/) is here to help you adopt new layout design patterns and stay on top of the latest trends. With the support of this CSS feature, you can now inspect and debug your container queries in DevTools.
```

Reviewer 3: thx
